I'm doing the same interview with him
that I did with you
cut the Western reckless yeah cuz I
was just sad here when I did mine so
what are you oh you sad as well um yeah
of course zero - well I'm here in Berlin
for MSI 2018 with coverage presented by
me and you and I'm joined by him to talk
about this MSI 2018
doublelift unfortunately just had a
pretty rough day of games - a Team
Liquid going 0 - and just and I'm gonna
go listening to a well I don't think you
can call them wildcard teams anymore but
I what what's going on Peter uh we are
just playing like I don't really
know why cuz we've been practicing
people always go back to practice but
it's something consideration like how
well you've been playing in practice
I've been feeling pretty good I don't
want to say today was a fluke but we
definitely played way below our level we
didn't play how we normally did I think
part of it is just when you make one
mistake nerve start to get to you
and I think the like it just kind of
compounds a lot where you start playing
a little bit you you play just start
slipping and devolving as the game goes
on because you are feeling the pressure
and stress of like yeah the this huge
event and that sounds like an excuse
which it is not it's just a reason why I
think we've in my opinion why we've been
playing kind of poor really poor but
actually for me personally I feel pretty
good I feel like I played really well
today I'm proud of some of the calls
that I made and I'm trying to keep it
positive because usually when na teams
go to an international events and they
get smashed it just spirals into
oblivion real fast a good example would
be like immortals going I believe there
were two one in the first week I was
like na thing at Worlds and then like
every n a team just devolved in like
the bed on the second week so this
is a five day tournament there's not
that week turnaround and I think it's
important to keep like that good mental
it's more it's a mental game alongside
like just the
actual game that you're playing so
recover tomorrow and try to get back in
yeah we just need to find our way of
playing on stage I don't know what's
what's going on we're usually really
aggressive and proactive and today I
feel like we were just really getting
run over a lot and you know I think the
neighbors are getting some of our
players I think the we we were just
playing overall really horrible yeah for
the rest of the teams that are here do
you are you intimidated by any of them
like his King zone as untouchable as
everyone seems to think they are I mean
it seemed like you were kind of holding
your own in the beginning of that that
game yeah no I don't I don't think that
playing against Kings down after that I
don't think it was really that hard
obviously we lost so it's kind of like
sore loser mentality to be like yeah we
could have won but I actually think
there's not a huge difference between
our teams and I think that's kind of
illustrated by how how the even game was
was holding pretty pretty sorry the
early game was holding pretty even we're
having a we got counter pick by Soraka
which is a very Asian thing right now
seems like flash wolves and kings own
kings on both plates Taraka so it's it's
a very strong laner and we were holding
even for a long time until the enemy
team just to a bottom so we had to give
turret but I feel really confident that
it's not gonna be like the laning
difference that makes a big difference
between us in King zone and as far as
macro goes
we just had absolutely zero macro today
we we were just really gonna work on
that it's not really the early game
that's screaming so every what do you
think of that Ezreal and that first game
because it felt like it was kind of this
unstoppable force
I think Ezreal was a really really
strong pick against our draft because
Graves has no CC or ability to like
pressure Ezreal and neither does Tom
cash but I think we were just really not
used to playing with no engage and today
really Illustrated that like when we
play the split push game sometimes we
make a lot more mistakes than usual so
today we drafted to split push comps and
I think we'd really fail to execute on
that so that's why I say our macro was
just really awful and ezreal is
obviously one of the bests poking
champions in the game so when you get
grouped up he's gonna have priority but
yeah I think we yeah we will just keep
in mind what happened today and maybe
change our priority accordingly what do
you what was going on with the Jin build
that game I was actually talking to Tony
he was like just a couple days ago I
asked Peter if he ever buys tier two
boots before bf and he said I never do
that but then you got Swifties that game
and he was like what the heck and then I
think you went rapid-fire I've just got
a curious like what
I'm not criticizing it I'm just curious
Tony is six all he's the coach for CLG
well he and I were good friends he's to
be honest he hosts he's hosting a
discord of like any coaches and analysts
and players and stuff who are all able
to like discuss and I I snuck in there
I'm not none of those things I'm an
imposter but I used memes and emotes
because I guess because somebody gifted
me a sub in your channel I can just use
your emotes so I just spam the channel
with your emotes when you're playing and
then they asks they have real
conversations nice nice
I appreciate that what about you beats
that game it's it's my job to survive
the well it's mined out to dodge as real
cues for one and also to survive
Alistair Oren and Zak also it weren't as
a guaranteed slow so today we played
against a lot of guaranteed slows
actually as well says Oslo with his ice
born so Swift is boots is really strong
I think is early game it is something I
can do to survive hard matchups and yeah
I I didn't feel like my build was really
an issue at all yeah he wasn't he wasn't
criticizing it he was more like I just
asked on the other day if he buys tier
to it that he advised here too it's
interesting when you got international
tournaments you learn a lot about the
different metas I'm not gonna say who I
got that from but you know just leaning
against the top bot lanes sometimes I
get away with things in na that I can't
do against a good good ball Lane so yep
enough anything else that you can talk
comments on house house team liquid
dealing with Europe I mean you've been
here
for a little bit well I can't really
complain I think overall if we managed
if we do if we don't manage to make it
out of groups it's completely on us so
coming to Europe and all of our practice
accommodations and stuff like yeah all
that just goes the wayside base uh in
favor of results so hopefully we can
keep a you know positive attitude I
don't want us to be too crushed because
going to go through is super
demoralizing but yeah I think we are
really strong team we didn't show today
and we hopefully can show it in the
future I don't know we'll see you know
maybe we'll just go like zero and ten
yeah I I would prefer if you make it out
of groups because my birthday's next
week alright well we'll do free birthday
Jake's birthday was a couple days ago so
we're trying to do for him too okay but
because if you don't make it out of
roots and you can't be in Paris and then
you wouldn't be able to celebrate a
birthday together oh I see yes I'll try
doing I'm doing the same interview with
him that I did with you cut the Western
reckless yeah cuz I was just sad
here when I did mine so what are you are
you sad as well um yeah of course zero -
yeah but trying to stay positive I
remember what you said before that it's
a mental game you know it's a long
tournament so yeah stay positive just
have to pretend that you're too old like
I'll - all right now so yeah it was
great ever before I Messiah is like the
- western ADCs are gonna go head-to-head
how's it gonna go and at the end of the
first day I'm just talking both you guys
you're like zero - don't know why
anti-hype I think this is in right but
the extirpate super good so I don't know
thank you you don't know like you're
playing really well to you but that
matchup though it's impossible
it's the first game the first game right
wait the Tom versus brawn versus cog my
it's impossible
so yesterday way I shouldn't maybe sit I
will say it anyway so yes Irish cream
when they play coke and then I had the
same treatment yeah and then I played
today and when they looked it I told my
coach that this might be really bad for
me but I'm not really sure because I
want played once yeah and then we pay
then I was 56 down so I've also played
that matchup and let me tell you I'm not
gonna say who is grim but I played that
matchup and at the
I was like I don't know if I played that
bad or if this matchup is just really
really impossible like there's nothing
you can do you're just under Tower the
whole game ganks no you need someone
else to do it has no CC to set up for
you and you sold in and then you kill
him yes they had that car or that tahm
Kench so good luck
yeah same problem you're getting on a
bus right I don't mean to interrupt you
okay well I mean not you you could hang
out if you want I don't I don't know
yeah house how are you looking forward
to facing Peter well we have Kingston
first you guys have flash fools first so
might be 0 3 versus 3 so I guess it's
the Battle of the worst whoops yeah
that's free same they looked pretty good
a second ago we're gonna on them
okay we're all ready to 0 ok and you
guys in King's old are you this
confident against kick so to see you
guys flash holes no but I would like to
play against liquid because in scrims it
was kind of 50/50 even though you guys
were probably better than us in the end
I thought those games were winnable so
maybe we can can get a win tomorrow
I mean everyone's probably hyped anyways
for you versus any right even though
both of us suck today so we're hype for
double livers reckless and reckless
first double if that's the hype
everybody's like who's the better
western ADC yeah but in the end it's all
gonna be about sports oh yeah I'm lucky
I guess we both suck we're just we're in
the minor leagues we're just amateurs
like the the sidekicks are going head to
head against the superhero battle I'm
actually about this Porsche is alright I
mean like for example today I played
Morgana versus raka and brahmers tahm
Kench and I just felt like my life
sucked you know ya know playing against
rock in Lane was really nice
you welcome frist yes take 200 damage
every single time it's just sort of
blade I start boots at least so how do I
call the potions oh I'm getting yelled
at by riot PR there they're like wrap
this crap up no it's fine it's fine it
was good you can interrupt any time you
want uh see ya thank you
alright anything you want to say to any
of the fans out there uh just you know
we're really sorry we feel it we feel
how this is but in the end like
it's very binary we either we either
make it other groups that we don't and I
think to base everything off the first
day is a big mistake so
hopefully we'll do not hopefully we'll
do our best to turn around it was it's
been a rough day but we can still make
it out and we can still be the strongest
team oh good well thank you so much for
the interview Peter best of luck as the
rest of the tournament goes on because
my birthday's next week you can check
out the rest my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
I think last we spoke on the topic I
said that double have charged me about
20 grand per interview
unfortunately for MSI that numbers up to
30 grand he says that there's a fee
associated with international events and
due to taxes and import laws and tariffs
that he's gonna charge me if 50 percent
of charge for the unit I also don't have
a sponsor for this event so anyway my
whole point is is if you could help me
you can really just do that by Travis
AFRICOM support it's a page where you
can support me and also patreon.com
slash Travis cafard thanks so much